Multiple doc updates for CR docs (#9556)
harness/developer-hub: docs/code-repository/pull-requests/review-pr.md

You can add images and videos to your PR comments. Videos must be 10MB or less. Harness Code supports and tests the following video file formats: `.3gpp`, `.avi`, `.flv`, `.mkv`, `.mov`, `.mp4`, and `.webm`. Other formats might work, but support isn't guaranteed.

If you need to share a comment with someone else, you can mention them directly with `@username` or  you can copy the PR comment's direct link.

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="changes" label="Changes">

> On the **Changes** tab, you can review the aggregated, latest code changes in the PR and add comments. You can add a comment to a single line or multiple lines. Within your comments you can `@` mention other users to notify them about your comments or request their feedack. You can also add code suggestions directly to your review within comments using ```suggestion ```.

Reviewer: typo
```suggestion
On the **Changes** tab, you can review the aggregated, latest code changes in the PR and add comments. You can add a comment to a single line or multiple lines. Within your comments you can `@` mention other users to notify them about your comments or request their feedback. You can also add code suggestions directly to your review within comments using ```suggestion ```.
```

> On the **Changes** tab, you can review the aggregated, latest code changes in the PR and add comments. You can add a comment to a single line or multiple lines. Within your comments you can `@` mention other users to notify them about your comments or request their feedack. You can also add code suggestions directly to your review within comments using ```suggestion ```.

Reviewer: also I think the ` ```suggestion ``` ` part shows up weird?
<img width="946" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7ce2f261-b415-43f6-8a22-c08231791e99" />

not sure if sth like 
````
~~~
```suggestion
<proposed changes>
```
~~~
````
would work. with github markdown it at least would show up as
~~~
```suggestion
<proposed changes>
```
~~~

> On the **Changes** tab, you can review the aggregated, latest code changes in the PR and add comments. You can add a comment to a single line or multiple lines. Within your comments you can `@` mention other users to notify them about your comments or request their feedback. You can also add code suggestions directly to your review within comments using ```suggestion ```.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On the **Changes** tab, you can review the aggregated, latest code changes in the PR and add comments. You can add a comment to a single line or multiple lines. Within your comments you can `@` mention other users to notify them about your comments or request their feedback. You can also add code suggestions directly to your review within comments using
~~~
```suggestion
<proposed changes>
```
~~~
```

* Select the `+` **Add** icon to comment on a specific line.

> * To comment on multiple lines at once click th `+` and drag your mouse to select all relevant lines you want to comment on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To comment on multiple lines at once, click the `+` **Add** icon and drag your mouse to select all relevant lines you want to comment on.
```
